LOST & FOUND
-Hello?
-Hello.
I'm looking for... Soon Huan Yue.
No, I don't know him.
I'm not from Immigration.
I have something for him.
It's his.
Wait.
My grandfather doesn't speak Spanish.
"We lost it
when we moved here".
Someone found it in the street.
I cleaned it up,
some parts were wet.
It's his mother.
He wants to compensate you.
No,
it's my job.
Well, I'll get going.
-Thanks a lot.
-You're welcome.
Okay. 'Bye.
LOST & FOUND
A large, black, fold-up umbrella,
lost on the 15th or 16th this month
on bus route 238.
It must be this one.
Is that it?
Yes, it is.
But that one's newer.
Can I take it instead?
No.
Why not?
This isn't a flea market, lady.
Sign here.
Shit, it's like
the Great Flood out there!
I just ran into Noah.
What have you got for me?
"Morning, Elena, how are you?"
"Look, soaked to the skin".
Yeah, yeah, good morning.
-Hello, Andrés.
-Hi, cutie.
The standard:
wallets, cellphones,
a cookery book, fusion cuisine,
a camera, one shoe,
the other one, who knows?
Oh, yes, that's broken.
I'm sure you'll fix it.
An umbrella, of course.
And that...
looks like a gold bracelet.
I'm not sure, but I think so.
And a little jackpot.
What do you do with the cash?
The cash stays here.
By the way,
they're dragging the riverbed.
Loads of shit is coming out.
Shit that you like.
The kind that gets you hot.
Are we going out on Friday?
20:307
I'm taking one. I'll bring it back.
Seriously?
Pen-pushers...
You're all the same.
Cellphones.
Ms. Zumarraga?
Hi, I'm calling from
Lost & Found South.
We have your wallet and ID.
Yes, the police brought it.
Sure, you can't leave
your handbag lying around.
Your wallet with the money too.
No, not 500 euros, no.
There were 40.
-Alright, handsome...
-You're going?
Don't ruin your eyes.
And those cigarettes...
Hello, Pedro.
How was your day?
I'm asking how you are.
You're hungry. Me too.
I'll change your water first,
it's a bit dirty, okay?
A traffic accident
left one person dead
and an entire family
plunged into mourning.
At first it appeared that
the cause was the excess
of alcohol in Mary's blood,
but after a more detailed analysis,
a rather rare substance
found in one spot
made the investigators look at it
from another viewpoint
and question if it really
had been an accident.
The Cunninghams were
a much-loved couple in Vermont.
Mary owned one of the local bars.
Carlos worked as a mailman
in the post office.
He enjoyed his job a lot,
it made him feel useful.
-Put it there.
-Up, up!
That's it, down.
Go!
That's it!
Stop!
-What have we got here?
-Go, that's it.
Straight to the end, this way.
Are you okay?
Were you working this late?
Inspector.
The judge has finished,
you can go home.
Any clues?
From the state of the remains
it looks like it was under water
for at least a couple of years.
Probably some immigrant
with no papers, or a prostitute.
She had a miscarriage
and got rid of the problem.
Good night.
-That doesn't fit.
-Mario, Mario.
It doesn't fit.
It's an expensive suitcase, Helena.
And?
It's an unusual brand,
it's not sold in Spain.
It doesn't fit.
Maybe I could help you
with the investigation.
Okay, we'll keep it in mind.
Go on, off to bed, champ.
Relax, it's fine.
Mario. Wait. Mario.
TELEPHONE DIRECTORY
-Hi.
-Is this your home?
-Yes.
Oh, yeah?
Good.
Can I speak to your mother?
Rebecca, go back inside.
What do you want?
Good morning.
I'm from Lost & Found,
I'm looking for Mrs. Valenzuela.
Wait here.
I have to go.
We'll talk Monday, okay?
Ciao.
Good morning.
Bibiana tells me
you're from Lost & Found.
Yes. We found something
that may belong to you.
I don't recall losing anything.
It's a suitcase.
A maroon suitcase,
Sizze brand, the large model,
with a combination lock.
No.
You must've lost it
a couple of years ago.
They found it yesterday in the river.
No, there must be some mistake.
-This, does it look familiar?
-No.
I'm telling you, it's not mine.
Your name was inside it.
It doesn't look familiar?
Are you sure?
Maybe it was your husband's.
Raul Latorre, right?
Raul died two years ago now.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-Thank you.
So you don't know who Eva is?
No.
Anything else?
-No. That was all.
-Good.
Bibiana will show you to the door.
Bibiana!
A pleasure.
I don't know, he seemed quite sure.
-What did you say?
-That I didn't know anything.
-Don't talk to anyone again.
-What if he calls the police?
Don't call here again. Ever!
-Hotel Bickle. Hello?
-Hotel Bickle.
Can I help you, sir?
Could you remind me
of your address, please?
Calle Fernandez de Trava, 91.
You can't go in.
What the hell are you doing there?
They're waiting for you.
You too, come on.
The autopsy results came in.
It was a girl. Premature.
Around 8 months.
The pathologist says
the skull deformation indicates birth.
It's not know
if she was born alive, or...
They're not going to investigate.
You heard the inspector.
What an ass.
Yes, he's an ass.
But he's a good fuck.
You're an idiot too.
First time in The Bickle?
Yes. The Bickle, yes.
Maybe you can help me.
I'm looking for company.
I'm on company expenses.
Through the glass door.
Good evening.
I'll need some ID.
It's for your own safety.
Your first time with us, Mr. Ba yat?
Yes. A friend recommended it.
A good friend, I hope.
This way, please.
ENTER >
Hello.
Hi.
I'm getting a drink, okay?
-Want one?
-No.
Are you new?
Yes. A business trip.
I'm looking for a specific girl.
If you know her name,
I can ask her to join us.
I only know she had a baby,
about two years ago.
Are you a cop?
No.
A baby girl, called Eva.
Do you know her?
I don't know anything.
You do know her.
Hold on, I'll give you my address.
Wait.
Hold on, please,
I just want to talk to her.
It's about the baby.
Tell her it's important, please.
Please.
...he did the autopsy
after the fateful accident.
It's Sunday. We're closed.
I'm Eva's mother.
Hello.
What is this place?
Well...
It used to be the old station.
Now it's a Lost & Found warehouse.
They used to hold auctions,
but then... nothing.
They forgot about this place
and now...
...it all accumulates.
Do you fix these things?
It entertains me to give them
a new lease of life.
Excuse me,
be careful with that, it's drying.
Sorry.
I can't stay long.
I just want to know how she is.
Who?
My girl. Eva.
You told my friend you wanted
to talk to me about her.
Is something the matter?
Did this belong to her?
I made it for her.
I wanted her to have
something from her mother.
Are you the father?
They've been dragging the riverbed.
They're pulling out lots of things.
The other day
they brought me a suitcase.
It had been underwater
for a long time.
When I opened it,
I found this and...
the skeleton of a baby.
I'm sorry, really.
I just wanted to look into it.
The police weren't going to
investigate it, so I thought
that maybe I could find...
It's not your fault.
No.
I only saw her for a few seconds.
What's your name?
Mario, my name's Mario.
Mario.
I'm Sara.
Let me get you a coffee, okay?
Everything okay?
Sorry.
I don't feel well.
Can I rest up today?
Later.
He's been waiting for half an hour.
You'll have to make it up to him.
Ever heard of the Hotel Bickle?
A luxury hotel, downtown.
Does it ring a bell?
Yes. It's a luxury hotel.
Do you know if it's
linked to anything...
strange, shady?
Shady as in what?
Prostitution.
It's a luxury hotel.
It must be full of whoremongers.
Right.
Why the sudden interest?
No reason.
Hello?
Hello.
Sara came to see me.
Thank you.
What do you want?
I need to talk to her,
but she isn't in here.
Sara isn't like the others.
Only certain clients get to see her.
I'm not leaving until I speak to her.
You don't know what you're saying.
In the lobby, next to the bathrooms,
is a door leading down to the kitchens.
Go in and wait in the hallway.
What are you doing?
-Hello.
You left this.
I left it because I didn't want it.
I can help you find out what
happened to your daughter.
My daughter died.
You don't want to know...?
I don't need you to do this.
Thank you.
-Who are you?
-He's a client.
I'm talking to the lady,
it's fine.
-Let's talk outside.
-Don't touch me.
-Tom, let's go.
Eh, eh!
Is he...?
Do you get rid of the babies?
-Why'd he say that?
-I'm talking to you.
No...
You can't be here.
I can help you, Sara.
No, no, no...
Let's go.
Tom, please.
Fuck!
Tom.
I'm sorry.
Let's go! Run!
-Is that your car?
-Yes.
Go.
-Sara, I can't drive.
-I don't know how.
Help me, please.
Sara!
Let's go!
Sara, come here!
Take the gearstick.
Left, then forward.
That's it.
Take it easy.
We have to call the police.
-Why not?
Because it'll be worse later.
Are you sure?
Then where do we go?
I don't know.
How long have you been
with those people?
Since forever.
And your daughter...? Why...?
Do you have a passport?
No.
They keep it.
There are countries you could hide in,
but without a passport...
I have to go back.
No. No, no.
Take whatever you want.
I'll leave some clean sheets.
I have to get up early to work,
but it's very important
that you stay here.
You can't move, alright?
You can...
...watch TV, whatever you want.
There's food in the fridge.
And when you go to bed,
lock the door, please.
I checked out your hotel.
It's a major chain,
with power full connections.
They're located in
London, Moscow,
Abu Dhabi, Buenos Aires...
Nothing here, there hasn't been
an altercation in years, but...
Some officers from
the district told me that,
yes, there's high-end prostitution.
So, exclusive clients,
powerful people.
If they know,
why don't they do something?
Mario, prostitution isn't a crime
in this country,
it's a-legal.
A-legal?
The crime is human trafficking...
and it's very hard to prove.
Especially if you're afraid
of catching some minister
in his underpants in a raid.
Sure.
Why the big interest in this hotel?
Is it about that baby?
I'm taking this inside.
Hey, dinner's on you this Friday.
I can't do it on Friday.
-You can't?
-No, I've got a lot of work.
Sure, you have to turn Spain around
all by yourself.
Can you at least give me the stamp?
Yes.
Well, thanks a lot.
See you later.
What happened?
Nothing.
I wondered if you'd let me
spruce it up a little.
I told you to stay inside,
to not come out,
that it was dangerous.
They're going to find me anyway.
It's a matter of time.
What is this place?
My house.
What a pretty wail.
You're going to be a mezzo-soprano.
Tell them to have it all ready
in two hours.
Sir! Sir!
Thank you, Marcelito.
-Hello?
-Something happened.
What happened? Spit it out.
Got a cigarette?
It's going to get ugly.
He called me to the room.
I didn't tell him anything.
What'll happen now?
He's coming here.
When?
Soon.
Hello.
The power will come on tomorrow.
I got you a phone.
It's a burner,
only I have the number.
I brought you a passport too.
To go to your country.
Act like you're a tourist.
No.
-Keep it. I have nowhere to go.
-I can't hide you here forever.
I know.
Why don't you tell me
something about yourself?
-Sara!
-No!
Sara!
Stop! Where are you going?
Sara, are you alright?
Are you alright?
-Leave me alone!
-No!
-I have to get back!
-No! Why are you running away?
-They'll kill you!
-No!
They'll kill you because of me!
No, I'll be alright! Come on!
Go inside.
Let me out.
-Let me go!
-No.
-Let me out!
-No! No!
Let me out!
You can't do anything.
-Yes, I can.
-You can't.
-You can't!
-Yes, I can.
You can't do anything for me!
You can't!
I can!
I can fix it!
I can! Understand?
I can! I can!
I can!
I just wanted my girl
to have a normal life.
That's why I thought
it was good to hand her over.
When a girl got pregnant,
she knew she had to
hand over the child.
Did you never try to run away?
Once.
Never again.
I want to help you,
but I don't know how.
Don't lock me inside again.
Not you.
You can go or you can stay.
You're free.
Free.
That's nasty.
It almost doesn't hurt anymore.
We old folks live with pain.
We're used to it.
You young folks have to feel it.
Pain teaches you.
Come on, let's go.
It smells good.
Do you speak French?
Yes, a little.
I lived in Paris
for two years, in a hotel.
What?
Nothing, show's nice
when you're on holiday.
I don't understand.
I've never been on holiday.
Vacances. "Holidays"
So, "Do you want
to go on holiday?"
Is "Do you want to go
on "vacances?".
-Vacances.
-"Vacons".
Your French sucks.
And this house?
You were going to live here
with someone, right?
It doesn't suit me, does it?
Well...
I had another job before,
I had a girlfriend...
I wanted to get married,
have kids,
teach them how to ride a bike,
all that stuff.
I wanted to surprise her,
I bought her this house.
And the day that...
I brought all the moving boxes,
I sent her the address
and waited for her here.
With a ring.
But she was involved with
another guy, from her work.
She wanted to get married,
but not to me.
And I never stepped in
this house again.
Until now.
With a ring?
-Hey, it's not funny.
-No. Sorry.
It's not funny. Not at all.
With a ring!
-Like this.
-But I can't...
-I can't...
-Like this.
Foot on the clutch,
and put it in second gear.
Now slowly release it.
Very good.
Hello, Ana.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Mario told me you're a good friend.
We've known each other for ages.
Really? Where did you two meet?
Here.
I took him away, under arrest.
-Why?
-For homicide.
Homicide? Why...?
Sara, I don't know
what you know about Mario.
Well, years ago
Mario was with a girl.
They wanted to have children
but they couldn't.
The relationship was falling apart
but she suddenly got pregnant.
And he was thrilled to bits.
But she turned up here with a guy,
said she was leaving him
for this man
and to forget about the child.
Then Mario lost his mind.
He argued with him,
they got into a scuffle,
and he slammed the man's head
against that column.
Was it an accident?
Yes.
What happened to the child?
She visited him in prison
and said the child hadn't been born.
Okay.
I don't want to set you
against him,
but I can help you.
I can put you in touch
with people who can...
offer you protection,
legal advice
and a place to go.
Thanks, but I don't need any help.
Here, my card,
in case you change your mind.
-Okay?
-Thank you.
Look at me.
I know you were fond of her,
but this had to be done right.
Go on, finish up
and go get a drink.
We're going to need a substitute.
FOR SALE
Here it is.
Well, that's it.
-Good afternoon.
I was told that here
I can get back something I lost.
If it was handed in to the police,
or at a station
airport, or a State building
and two months have passed
without anyone asking for it,
it must've been sent here.
What's the item?
A young lady.
Very beautiful.
Her name's Sara.
This isn't Missing Persons,
that's somewhere else.
Are you sure?
Yes.
It didn't hurt to try.
Come on. Fuck!
Sara!
Sara?
Hello, Sara.
He's here.
Help me, please.
Hello, Sara.
Are you okay?
He says that he reached you
thanks to a lost suitcase
in the river,
that he's just a government clerk.
Please, don't you hurt her.
Don't hurt her.
He also says he loves you.
Do you love him?
He's nobody. He knows nothing.
Please.
Let's go, Sara.
-Please.
-Let's go, Sara.
Go on, you're alright. Let's go.
Stealing is very bad.
Didn't they teach you that at school?
I didn't steal anything.
That's what all thieves say.
Sara's a very valuable girl.
You can't put a price
on a human being.
Nevertheless, it's the first thing
in the world
to be given a price.
There's always a demand for it...
and always a supply.
Leave me alone.
Look after her.
Please.
Police!
Here!
Fuck! What the fuck, Mario?!
Mario!
Mario! Are you alright?
Can you hear me?
I need an ambulance urgently.
88 Castafios.
Urgently.
Mario... Mario, look at me!
I'm here with me.
Can you see me?
Mario, can you see me?
Hey there.
How are you today?
Fine.
Fine, great.
I'm glad.
So, what are you going to do?
Are you going to report it or not?
No, they were only burglars.
Burglars who didn't steal anything.
There was nothing to steal, Helena.
Fuck, Mario.
What did you want?
-I wanted to save her.
-Sure, you wanted to save her.
Is that what you liked,
that she needed you?
Mario.
I'm poison.
A poison that kills
everything it touches.
Mario, come on.
Don't be an asshole.
LOST & FOUND
The next lot is number 46.
You can find all the details
in the brochure, page 11,
lot 208.
PUBLIC AUCTION
The asking price is 3000 euros.
3000 euros for number 12.
Thank you.
Any more bids?
Sold to 309 for 3,300 euros.
The next lot consists of 223 pieces.
Cameras, lenses
and photographic accessories.
We've done half a dozen auctions.
How long have you two
been here on your own?
Seven years.
Feels longer to me.
They never sent anyone else?
They decided we got by just fine.
Right, Andrés?
-Yes.
-Andres brought me up to speed.
More or less.
Listen, guys,
you've done a good job
all this time,
but this isn't a hotel,
you can't live here.
-Andrés retires in two months.
-And three days.
We'll look for a replacement.
As of today, you have to clock in.
And you'll be under my supervision.
Look what just turned up.
You got lucky.
Normally to find something you lost,
first you have to look for it.
Obviously.
I wanted to say sorry.
-Come on, Mario.
-Just let me talk.
-You don't have to...
- I'm really sorry.
I'm sorry I haven't been
what you expected me to be.
what you needed.
I came for another reason.
That day, Sara went to
the drugstore and bought this.
I suppose she had
no time to use it.
I found it at the entrance
to your house.
No.
Please.
Get out or I'll call the police!
Call them. We'll tell them
where your daughter came from.
-Please.
-Mom?
Rebeca...
Rebecca, go to your room.
I have to speak to this man.
My husband took a trip
and came back with our girl.
I didn't ask any questions,
I didn't want to know.
He wanted to give Rebecca a sister.
He knew he hadn't long to live.
I did the same trip
and they gave me a baby,
she was premature.
But on the flight home
she hardly moved.
When I got here, she was dead.
And you threw her into the river.
I need to find that baby's mother,
and you're going to help me.
Where was that trip to?
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the flight.
This is your captain speaking.
My name is Jose Luis Llorente.
The estimated flying time
is around 13 hours.
Stuffed tortillas!
Mr. Armendariz?
Shall we walk?
Can you?
Yes.
So you know Mrs. Valenzuela.
Her husband, really, Raul.
I'm so sorry for her loss.
Were you very close?
Yes, yes.
I want to be a father now.
For single men, it's complicated.
Adoption is very hard.
I've tried everything.
Sure, it's incredible that
there are so many
abandoned children in the world
when there are people who can
love them, give them a better life.
A child is always a blessing.
I suppose you'll want
a surrogate pregnancy.
-That takes time.
-And money.
Money's... not a problem.
Listen, I want a baby,
I want it now.
With all the paperwork in place.
I won't ask any questions.
It has to be in cash.
-You're at the Hotel Principal?
-Yes.
It'll take a few days.
I'll wait for your call, then?
I'll contact you.
Have the money ready.
PAWN SHOP
Hello?
Take the money to the local bank
first thing tomorrow,
then wait outside.
Good morning.
Welcome.
May 1?
Thanks a lot.
PRIVATE PROPERTY
NO TRESPASSING
Do I have to choose?
You'll get all the medical reports,
but sometimes people
reject the babies.
Follow me.
This is the provisional
birth certificate, but it's official.
You just need to fill in
the names of the baby
and the parents.
-It's enough to exit the country.
-Good.
Take your time.
When you're finished,
hit 0 on the phone.
VACCINATION BOOK
You have almost a month to go.
You're alive!
Do you know how
to get out of here?
Are you ready or what?
-It just needs tightening.
-Then get to it.
This way.
She's fucking me over.
Get in the car! Go!
Do you want to go on "vacances"?
Did you really think
you could just go in and take her?
I can give you more money.
Now you're a capitalist?
I don't think you have
that much money.
Get out of the way!
No, no! No.
He's my brother.
Go.
Go!
You're hurt.
-I'm fine.
-No, you're bleeding.
Let's go.
Let's go!
-You have to stop!
-Hang in there.
-You have to help me!
-I can't right now!
I don't want him to die.
He's not going to die.
Hello, my love.
We have to go.
And your wound?
It's not serious,
the bullet went clean through.
Rest for a few minutes.
No.
I don't know how
to calm him down.
Give him to me.
It's alright.
Go! Let's see
who gets there first.
Let's see who gets there first. Go!
I was faster.
Go. Let's go!
Good!
Hi, my love!
We're here.
Mario.
My love.
No!
My love!
Welcome to Montreal.
Welcome.
BIRTH
Take off your glasses, please.
Welcome.
Thank you.
First time in Montreal?
Yes.
Holiday?
I'm on holiday.
Enjoy your stay.